For a while I really didn't like it
I didn't want to be Indian
I felt like I was being punished for something I didn't do.
All I could think of was I just wanted to be away from it.
When it's fishing time honey;
There's no
Messing around.
My great Grandmother usted to be able to cut it just once
It'd all be done.
Nobody can step on you
Once you learn
What you're house is,
who you are,
and where you come from.
and how you got where you're at.
My aunt Cookie came and got me in San Diego and brought me back to Alaska.
I was raised by all these women.
I want to say there was seven.
Hellen? You wan't some help cutting them?
Uhhhhhh?
Do you know how?
I'm not always Indian, I'm half white too.
So, I gotta have half white days.
The Love Bird Designe I was telling you about.  The Eagle, The Raven.
You know I try to keep it traditional as posable.
The Vietnamese
knocked off the persian rug design,
and we had the Chilkat Blanket designe woven i that.
So it's kind of like a knock off of a knock off.
Finely got my feather!